let's talk a little about hooks
hooks are a huge variety and not
happens from different materials
let's say this is bamboo hooks
they are very comfortable and light and practical
here it is the aluminum hook it goes with
bamboo handle
metal hook with plastic
the handle is just a metal hook
aluminum hook them exist
there are a lot of plastic
hooks hooks
from the bone beautiful different colored from
the trees are painted
different hooks are their huge
a lot of here are the hooks
Teflon coated
how not to get lost how to choose for
right hook yourself first need
try it in some stores
give yarn and hook so you can
pick the hook that you will
more
fit which you will like which
it will be good to lie in your hand but to
Unfortunately this is not in all stores
It seems therefore it is necessary to have
be like you or turn to the experience of those
who already knits with some hooks
knit others like this one here
these are all my hooks personal hooks
which i see
look another feature
hooks of different brands
may be a different size look
that's it that's all we have hook three with
half a millimeter but the head of this
hooks are completely different
so if you have a clear indication
clear instructions to take any
hook just in case you check
knitting density about this we are a little bit
talk to you later
there are different heads at the hook
accordingly, different loops will be
the thickness itself is obtained here
here
handles further it fits u all
hooks but here's the head different in
according to the head you have just
the loops themselves will be terrible
the trouble will turn out if you
acquire a hook which is considered
wrong
look at this hook with him
very small head and he goes on
wide accordingly when knitting
you will grab the loops of this one
here's a little head
and then they will expand with you
there you can
knit only very small loops
push here to here
if you promote it right here
then the loops will tighten a
not to shrink back and vice versa
It turns out if you knit loops
here then further you will have a very
widely so try to hook
he was uniform ie head
she was not much different from herself
rod hook